com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/FragmentStart.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.FragmentStart
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.FragmentStart$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.FragmentStart$2
com/example/wordgame/respotory_layer/FactoryTranslationDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryTranslationDB
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryTranslationDB$1
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryTranslationDB$UpdateHandler
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryTranslationDB$insertHandler
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/CreateKeys.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.CreateKeys
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/FileReader.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.FileReader
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/OnMatchingViewHandler.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.OnMatchingViewHandler
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/LevelOneResults.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelOneResults
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentStartBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentStartBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentAverageResultsBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentAverageResultsBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/WelcomwindowBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.WelcomwindowBinding
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/OnTrueFalseQuestion.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.OnTrueFalseQuestion
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/MultipleChoiceAdapter.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceAdapter
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceAdapter$Holder
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceAdapter$Holder$HandleClickButtons
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceAdapter$Holder$HandleClickButtons$1
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/ProgressHandler.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProgressHandler
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/TranslationDao.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.TranslationDao
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentProggressBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentProggressBinding
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/HintHandler.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.HintHandler
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/OnScroll.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.OnScroll
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/ProgressReportDao.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.ProgressReportDao
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/LevelThreeResults.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelThreeResults
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/Learn.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.Learn
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/MultipleChoiceDao.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.MultipleChoiceDao
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/DragandDrop.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.DragandDrop
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.DragandDrop$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.DragandDrop$TouchChoices
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.DragandDrop$choice
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentPlayBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentPlayBinding
com/example/wordgame/respotory_layer/FactoryMatchingDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryMatchingDB
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryMatchingDB$1
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryMatchingDB$UpdateHandler
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryMatchingDB$insertHandler
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/PlayFragment.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.PlayFragment
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.PlayFragment$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.PlayFragment$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.PlayFragment$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.PlayFragment$4
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.PlayFragment$5
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/HintAdapter.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.HintAdapter
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.HintAdapter$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.HintAdapter$HandleButton
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.HintAdapter$HandleButton$1
com/example/wordgame/databinding/CustomisedviewBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.CustomisedviewBinding
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/OnHints.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.OnHints
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/LevelTwoResults.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelTwoResults
com/example/wordgame/respotory_layer/FactoryTrueFalseDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryTrueFalseDB
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryTrueFalseDB$1
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryTrueFalseDB$UpdateHandler
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryTrueFalseDB$insertHandler
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/MatchingViewHandler.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MatchingViewHandler
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/UserDao.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.UserDao
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/User.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.User
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/OnSearch.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.OnSearch
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/MatchingFragment.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MatchingFragment
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MatchingFragment$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MatchingFragment$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MatchingFragment$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MatchingFragment$4
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MatchingFragment$5
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MatchingFragment$6
com/example/wordgame/databinding/HeaderBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.HeaderBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentLevelOneResultsBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentLevelOneResultsBinding
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/LearnDao.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.LearnDao
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/ProgressReport.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.ProgressReport
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/TrueFalseAdapter.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseAdapter
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseAdapter$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseAdapter$Holder
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseAdapter$Holder$Click
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseAdapter$Holder$Click$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseAdapter$LoadImage
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/SubmitHandler.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.SubmitHandler
com/example/wordgame/respotory_layer/FactoryMultipleChoiceDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryMultipleChoiceDB
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryMultipleChoiceDB$1
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryMultipleChoiceDB$UpdateHandler
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryMultipleChoiceDB$insertHandler
com/example/wordgame/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/MultipleChoice.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.MultipleChoice
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/ActivityResults.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ActivityResults
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ActivityResults$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ActivityResults$2
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/Instructions.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.Instructions
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.Instructions$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.Instructions$2
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentMatchingBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentMatchingBinding
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/OnExtractResults.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.OnExtractResults
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/TranslationGame.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.TranslationGame
com/example/wordgame/databinding/TrueFalseAdapterBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.TrueFalseAdapterBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentLevelTwoResultsBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentLevelTwoResultsBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentTrueBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentTrueBinding
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/TrueFalseGame.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.TrueFalseGame
com/example/wordgame/databinding/ImageBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.ImageBinding
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/TrueFalseDao.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.TrueFalseDao
com/example/wordgame/respotory_layer/FactoryLearnDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryLearnDB
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryLearnDB$1
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryLearnDB$UpdateHandler
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryLearnDB$insertHandler
com/example/wordgame/databinding/LearnAdapterBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.LearnAdapterBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/LearnViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.LearnViewModel
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/HandleMQCButtons.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.HandleMQCButtons
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/MatchingViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.MatchingViewModel
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/OnSubmit.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.OnSubmit
com/example/wordgame/databinding/MultipleChoiceAdapterBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.MultipleChoiceAdapterBinding
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/Matching.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.Matching
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/TranslationAdapter.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationAdapter
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationAdapter$Holder
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationAdapter$Holder$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationAdapter$Holder$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationAdapter$Holder$3
com/example/wordgame/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.wordgame.BuildConfig
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/ProgressViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.ProgressViewModel
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/MatchingDao.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.MatchingDao
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/UserViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.UserViewModel
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/TrueFalseViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.TrueFalseViewModel
com/example/wordgame/databinding/HintBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.HintBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentResultsCurrentActivityBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentResultsCurrentActivityBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentLevelThreeResultsBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentLevelThreeResultsBinding
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentMultipleChoiceBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentMultipleChoiceBinding
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/OnMultipleChoice.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.OnMultipleChoice
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentLearnBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentLearnBinding
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/MultipleChoiceViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.MultipleChoiceViewModel
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/HandleTrueFalse.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.HandleTrueFalse
com/example/wordgame/respotory_layer/FactoryProgressReportDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryProgressReportDB
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryProgressReportDB$1
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryProgressReportDB$UpdateHandler
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryProgressReportDB$insertHandler
com/example/wordgame/databinding/McqAdapterBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.McqAdapterBinding
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/MainActivity.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MainActivity
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MainActivity$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MainActivity$2
com/example/wordgame/databinding/TranslationAdapterBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.TranslationAdapterBinding
com/example/wordgame/respotory_layer/UserRespotory.java
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.UserRespotory
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.UserRespotory$1
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.UserRespotory$UpdateHandler
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.UserRespotory$insertHandler
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/TrueFalseFragment.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseFragment
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseFragment$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseFragment$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseFragment$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseFragment$4
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseFragment$5
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TrueFalseFragment$6
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/TranslationViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.TranslationViewModel
com/example/wordgame/databinding/FragmentTranslationBinding.java
 com.example.wordgame.databinding.FragmentTranslationBinding
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/TranslationFragment.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationFragment
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationFragment$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationFragment$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationFragment$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationFragment$4
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationFragment$5
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TranslationFragment$6
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/AverageResults.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.AverageResults
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.AverageResults$1
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/WelcomeWindow.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.WelcomeWindow
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.WelcomeWindow$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.WelcomeWindow$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.WelcomeWindow$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.WelcomeWindow$4
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.WelcomeWindow$5
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/PopulateTrueFalseDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.PopulateTrueFalseDB
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/WordGameDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.WordGameDB
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.WordGameDB$1
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/LevelResultsWindow.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelResultsWindow
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelResultsWindow$1
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/LevelResultsFragment.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelResultsFragment
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelResultsFragment$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelResultsFragment$2
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/WordGameViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.WordGameViewModel
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/PopulateMultipleChoiceDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.PopulateMultipleChoiceDB
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/ProggressFragment.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment$2$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment$2$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment$2$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment$4
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ProggressFragment$5
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/LevelResultsViewModel.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.LevelResultsViewModel
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/PopulateUser.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.PopulateUser
com/example/wordgame/respotory_layer/FactoryLevelResultsDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryLevelResultsDB
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryLevelResultsDB$1
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryLevelResultsDB$UpdateHandler
 com.example.wordgame.respotory_layer.FactoryLevelResultsDB$insertHandler
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/PopulateTranslationGameDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.PopulateTranslationGameDB
com/example/wordgame/model_layer/LevelResults.java
 com.example.wordgame.model_layer.LevelResults
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/PopulateProgressDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.PopulateProgressDB
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/LevelResultsHandler.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelResultsHandler
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LevelResultsHandler$1
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/LevelResultsDao.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.LevelResultsDao
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/PopulateMatchingDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.PopulateMatchingDB
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/ComputeProgressReport.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ComputeProgressReport
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ComputeProgressReport$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ComputeProgressReport$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ComputeProgressReport$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.ComputeProgressReport$4
com/example/wordgame/data_layer/PopulateLearnDB.java
 com.example.wordgame.data_layer.PopulateLearnDB
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/MultipleChoiceFragment.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceFragment
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceFragment$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceFragment$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceFragment$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceFragment$4
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceFragment$5
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.MultipleChoiceFragment$6
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/TabAdapter.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.TabAdapter
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/LearnFragment.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnFragment
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnFragment$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnFragment$2
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnFragment$3
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnFragment$4
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnFragment$5
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnFragment$6
com/example/wordgame/presentation_layer/LearnAdapter.java
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnAdapter
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnAdapter$1
 com.example.wordgame.presentation_layer.LearnAdapter$Holder
